Upgrade `jvm-libp2p` to 1.2.1 (#8783)
PegaSysEng/artemis: CHANGELOG.md

### Additions and Improvements
- Clean up old beacon states when switching from ARCHIVE to PRUNE or MINIMAL data storage mode

> - Upgrade to jvm-libp2p 1.2.1 which improve message publishing over gossipsub when flood publishing is disabled and IDONTWANT control message usage 

Reviewer: I'd suggest making the changelog more friendly: 
```suggestion
- Upgrade to jvm-libp2p 1.2.1 to enable flood publishing based on max message size threshold
```
Not sure about the rephrasing but I feel it should be less into technical/implementation details

Author: Ye, point is that there are several improvements.
You're right though, going to revisit it
